# Create React App with Typescript

Use with [create-react-app](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app) for Typescript React App.

## Additional Features

We intended to minimize changes against the original repository, however there are features we would like to have but not provided. Also some Typescript related features.

### Typescript Webpack Loader

We use [awesome-typescript-loader](https://github.com/s-panferov/awesome-typescript-loader) instead of [ts-loader](https://github.com/TypeStrong/ts-loader) for webpack. It's awesome, isn't it?

### CSS Modules

We have added [postcss-cssnext](http://cssnext.io/) webpack plugin to support the latest CSS syntax, and the type definition of the CSS modules will be generated by [typed-css-modules](https://github.com/Quramy/typed-css-modules) with a simple webpack loader.

You may notice that we added a step to the build pipeline that generates the CSS module type definitions before invoking webpack, where this looks like a duplicate step with the webpack loader. This is because webpack will feed the loaded files to each loader, which does not contains any of the CSS modules' type definitions as they will be generated by the loader.

Besides, you may also notice that the CSS module type definition files will be cached in the webpack loader to avoid unnecessary update on the files if there is no change. This may be superfluous, it was a mistake of trying to solve another issue that the generated `.css.d.ts` files will put webpack fall into a nasty rebuild loop. After we fixed the actual problem, we still decided to keep the cache for now as it might benefit to the build time, but if you found any strange behavior your from development build, please raise an issue.


## Upgrade checklist

We only modify the project to support Typescript with necessary changes, so that we can easily keep up-to-date with the original repository. However, since we also renamed some templates' extension to `.ts | .tsx`, which can be easily missed out.

- Check any update on `registerServiceWorker`
